https://codepen.io/jesslstanley/pen/JjoGxOm


<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt -->
  <!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? It's a standard way of writing HTML so that way it can be used by everyone.
    2. What is HTML used for? It's used to create content on a page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? an attribute is something that adds additional information to an element. Attributes are in elements.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The H1 tag is the heading tag.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img, and anchor tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The heading
    7. What is an id? A unique identifier.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? The id can be used on any html element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? You can only use an id once.
    10. What is a class?  an attribute that specifies names for an html element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? you can add a class to any elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? you can use it multiple times but those elements will get the same style.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
select that you want your link to open in a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
It is used to specify an alternative text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id? with a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section means that the information displayed should be grouped toghether, where a div does not convey any meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? It is used to add styling to a webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{

}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. An id is a unique identifer where a class is a name added to an element. You would use an id for only one element, and you could use a class for multiple elements.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It is a selector that builds off of the parent selector and it's useful when you want to be more specific.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a keyword addeds to the element that specifies a special state of the element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? you use the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
the universal selector
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{border: 1px dotted black

}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
 the universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*this is a comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command
 line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
 rm, you have to be careful because you could delete an important file.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
so that way you can switch to a later version if needed.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
often but not too often.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Create your own version of repo (fork)
Add tl as collaborator
on GitHub: settings then go to collaborators go to add collaborator use tl's handle.
clone repo git clone <your-repo-address>
create a branch the one you are going to be working one.
push your new branch up to github and all future pushes to that branch.
git push -u origin "firstname-lastname"
compare and Pull request base your masters.
Add your tl as a reviewer on Pull request. Open a pull request click on reviewers.
